OCP 4.15 Installation doc updates for IBM Power (#70553)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-operator-cr.adoc

    genevePort: 6081
    ipsecConfig: {}
----
[IMPORTANT]
====

> Using `OVNKubernetes` can lead to stack exhaustion problem on {ibm-power-name}.

Reviewer: I suggest changing to "stack exhaustion problems" or "a stack exhaustion problem" as appropriate, for the sake of grammar.

Author: Thanks @mramendi 
Updated as: "a stack exhaustion problem".

> Using `OVNKubernetes` can lead to stack exhaustion problem on {ibm-power-name}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using OVN-Kubernetes can lead to stack exhaustion problem on {ibm-power-name}.
```

Reviewer 2: I've seen the backticks for when it is a literal value, but never for a general reference. However, I then started looking around and saw that most of the install docs use the backticks so I'm not sure. I write for OVN-K and now you have me wondering if we need to address this in the style guide.

Author: @JoeAldinger Thank you the suggestion. I agree. Updated the PR accordingly.
